We recommend that you back up any content and data used in connection with MyOwnDiary, to protect yourself in case of problems with MyOwnDiary.

If our provision of MyOwnDiary is delayed by an event outside our control then we will contact you as soon as possible to let you know and we will take steps to minimise the effect of the delay. Provided we do this we will not be liable for delays caused by the event but if there is a risk of substantial delay you may contact us to end your contract with us and receive a refund for any Services you have paid for but not received.

The Provider may end your rights to use MyOwnDiary at any time by contacting you if you have broken this EULA in a serious way. If what you have done can be put right we will give you a reasonable opportunity to do so.

If we end your rights to use MyOwnDiary:

  (i) You must stop all activities authorised by this EULA, including your use of MyOwnDiary.

  (ii) You must delete or remove MyOwnDiary from all devices in your possession and immediately destroy all copies of MyOwnDiary which you have and confirm to us that you have done this.

The Provider may transfer its rights and obligations under this EULA to another organisation. the Provider will always tell you in writing if this happens and we will ensure that the transfer will not affect your rights under the contract. 

This EULA does not give rise to any rights under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term of the EULA.

Each of the paragraphs of this EULA operates separately. If any court or relevant authority decides that any of them are unlawful, the remaining paragraphs will remain in full force and effect.

Even if we delay in enforcing this EULA, we can still enforce it later. If we do not insist immediately that you do anything you are required to do under this EULA, or if we delay in taking steps against you in respect of your breaking this EULA, that will not mean that you do not have to do those things and it will not prevent us taking steps against you at a later date.

These terms are governed by English law and you can bring legal proceedings in respect of the products in the English courts. If you live in Scotland you can bring legal proceedings in respect of the products in either the Scottish or the English courts. If you live in Northern Ireland you can bring legal proceedings in respect of the products in either the Northern Irish or the English courts.

